OSDOCS CQA AUTH-4 Service Accounts and Cloud Credential Operator II (#115154)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bound-sa-tokens-configuring.adoc

      allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
      capabilities:
        drop: [ALL]
  serviceAccountName: build-robot
  volumes:
  - name: vault-token
    projected:
      sources:
      - serviceAccountToken:
          path: vault-token
          expirationSeconds: 7200
          audience: vault
----
+
where:
+
--
`spec.securityContext.runAsNonRoot`:: When `true`, containers cannot run as root to minimize compromise risks.
`spec.securityContext.seccompProfile.type`::  Set to `RuntimeDefault` to use the default seccomp profile, limiting to essential system calls, to reduce risks.
`spec.serviceAccountName`:: Specifies an existing service account.
`spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.path`:: Specifies a path relative to the mount point of the file to project the token into.
`spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.expirationSeconds`:: Sets the expiration of the service account token, in seconds. The default value is 3600 seconds (1 hour). This value must be at least 600 seconds (10 minutes). The kubelet starts trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours. This parameter is optional.

> `spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.audience`:: Sets the intended audience of the token. The recipient of a token should verify that the recipient identity matches the audience claim of the token, and should otherwise reject the token. The audience defaults to the identifier of the API server. This parameter is optional.

Reviewer: Can these be reworded to ensure parallel construction of the list items?
```suggestion
`spec.securityContext.runAsNonRoot`:: Specifies whether to restrict containers from running as root. When `true`, containers cannot run as root to minimize compromise risks.
`spec.securityContext.seccompProfile.type`::  Specifies the seccomp profile to use. Set to `RuntimeDefault` to use the default seccomp profile, limiting to essential system calls, to reduce risks.
`spec.serviceAccountName`:: Specifies an existing service account.
`spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.path`:: Specifies a path relative to the mount point of the file to project the token into.
`spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.expirationSeconds`:: Specifies the expiration of the service account token, in seconds. The default value is 3600 seconds (1 hour). This value must be at least 600 seconds (10 minutes). The kubelet starts trying to rotate the token if the token is older than 80 percent of its time to live or if the token is older than 24 hours. This parameter is optional.
`spec.volumes.projected.sources.serviceAccountToken.audience`:: Specifies the intended audience of the token. The recipient of a token should verify that the recipient identity matches the audience claim of the token, and should otherwise reject the token. The audience defaults to the identifier of the API server. This parameter is optional.
```
